GDPR rights for account deletion (#1239)
privacyguides/privacyguides.org: docs/basics/account-deletion.en.md

When you click it, it will most likely ask you for your email that you signed up with. Type in the email you think you used and see if you are sent a reset link. If the site returns an error message saying that email is not associated with an account, or you never receive a reset link after multiple attempts, then you do not have an account under that email address; try a different one. If you can't figure out which email address you used, or you no longer have access to that email, you can try contacting the service's support. Unfortunately there is no guarantee that you will be able to reclaim access your account.

### GDPR (EEA residents only)

> As a resident of the EEA you might have additional rights regarding data erasure, specified in [Article 17](https://www.gdpr.org/regulation/article-17.html) of the  GDPR. Read the service's privacy policy to find out how to enforce your right to erasure for the given service. It is recommended that you **always** read the privacy policy, as some services have a *Delete account* button that only disables your account, and for real deletion you have to do something else. Sometimes deletion may involve filling surveys, emailing the data protection officer of the service, or even proving your residence in the EEA. Do **not** overwrite account information if you plan to go this way, as your identity as an EEA resident might be important. Note that the location of the service does not matter, GDPR **only** applies to European users. If the service does not respect your right to erasure, you can contact your national [Data Protection Authority](https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/reform/rights-citizens/redress/what-should-i-do-if-i-think-my-personal-data-protection-rights-havent-been-respected_en) and you may be entitled to monetary compensation.

Reviewer: I *think* these changes sound better, but maybe I'm just biased toward my own writing style — so decide for yourself :P

```suggestion
Residents of the EEA have additional rights regarding data erasure specified in [Article 17](https://www.gdpr.org/regulation/article-17.html) of the GDPR. If it's applicable to you, read the privacy policy for any given service to find information on how to exercise your right to erasure. Reading the privacy policy can prove important, as some services have a "Delete Account" option that only disables your account and for real deletion you have to take additional action. Sometimes actual deletion may involve filling out surveys, emailing the data protection officer of the service, or even proving your residence in the EEA. If you plan to go this way, do **not** overwrite account information—your identity as an EEA resident may be required. Note that the location of the service does not matter; GDPR applies to anyone serving European users. If the service does not respect your right to erasure, you can [contact your national Data Protection Authority](https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/reform/rights-citizens/redress/what-should-i-do-if-i-think-my-personal-data-protection-rights-havent-been-respected_en) and might even be entitled to monetary compensation.
```

Reviewer 2: I already made some changes ahh
